When the UK Channel 4 television program The Bermuda Triangle (1992)[19] was being produced by John Simmons of Geofilms 
for the Equinox series, the marine insurance market Lloyd's of London was asked if an unusually large number of ships 
had sunk in the Bermuda Triangle area. Lloyd's determined that large numbers of ships had not sunk there.[3] 
Lloyd's does not charge higher rates for passing through this area. United States Coast Guard records confirm their 
conclusion. In fact, the number of supposed disappearances is relatively insignificant considering the number of ships 
and aircraft that pass through on a regular basis.[1]

The Coast Guard is also officially skeptical of the Triangle, noting that they collect and publish, through their inqui
ries, much documentation contradicting many of the incidents written about by the Triangle authors. In one such incident 
involving the 1972 explosion and sinking of the tanker V. A. Fogg, the Coast Guard photographed the wreck and recovered 
several bodies,[20] in contrast with one Triangle author's claim that all the bodies had vanished, with the exception of 
the captain, who was found sitting in his cabin at his desk, clutching a coffee cup.[12] In addition, V. A. Fogg sank off
 the coast of Texas, nowhere near the commonly accepted boundaries of the Triangle.

The Nova/Horizon episode The Case of the Bermuda Triangle, aired on June 27, 1976, was highly critical, stating that 
"When we've gone back to the original sources or the people involved, the mystery evaporates. Science does not have to 
answer questions about the Triangle because those questions are not valid in the first place ... Ships and planes behave 
in the Triangle the same way they behave everywhere else in the world."[2]

Skeptical researchers, such as Ernest Taves[21] and Barry Singer,[22] have noted how mysteries and the paranormal are 
very popular and profitable. This has led to the production of vast amounts of material on topics such as the Bermuda 
Triangle. They were able to show that some of the pro-paranormal material is often misleading or inaccurate, but its 
producers continue to market it. Accordingly, they have claimed that the market is biased in favor of books, TV specials,
and other media that support the Triangle mystery, and against well-researched material if it espouses a skeptical 
viewpoint.

Benjamin Radford, an author and scientific paranormal investigator, noted in an interview on the Bermuda Triangle that it
could be very difficult locating an aircraft lost at sea due to the vast search area, and although the disappearance might 
be mysterious, that did not make it paranormal or unexplainable. Radford further noted the importance of double-checking
information as the mystery surrounding the Bermuda Triangle had been created by people who had neglected to do so.